# Video Share Readme

## What is this?
This video share website is my attempt to create a website that shares content with the world in a competitive way with Youtube. I know that right now, Youtube seems to be having issues with topics such as monetization, copyright, and many more, but I believe that a service that wants to deal with the content creators themselves rather than making a program to do so will create an environment that is so much more for everyone involved. I believe that all content creators who want monetized videos should be able to have their videos monetized, and if there's a kind of 'inner circle' of content creators, say, the top 100, who get to have a say in how the website works, the system will be much more democratized. I think content creators should also be able to check a box that says they want their video to be downloadable so people can view it offline. Finally, I believe that a system similar to Youtube's with channels, subscribing, liking/disliking etc would be ideal because it would give the least shock to my target demographic. Possibly with additional features so the user experience can be more tailored to the individual. Modular landing page?

## Why does this exist?
As of late, the popular video giant Youtube has been getting a lot of criticism from many of it's top creators about it's copyright and monetization systems. I believe this is an issue that, rather than being solved by an algorithm, should be solved by a reasonable person who understands what's at stake. Nobody should have a channel deleted because an algorithm thought they were breaking the rules. People should be innocent until proven guilty by a third party.

## How do I plan on doing this? (**basic** checklist, not timeline yet)
I believe that the best course of action is to first and foremost, get a video player running. Then, the ideal second goal is to get some sort of client-side login and video publication going, so the actual process of putting a video onto the internet as your own person is there. Thirdly, there needs to be some kind of video feed for a channel, so a hot videos/subscribing system should be put in place. Also, video statistics need to exist so creators can see what works and what doesn't.
